# Carbon Combat
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/qNjYFuj_5MM>
#### Description:

Carbon Combat is a platformer game I coded in unity using C#. I have always been interested in making a simple game, although admittedly it wasn't that simple to begin with. First the kind of game I wanted to make. I decided to make a mario copy as i figured it would be simple but have some interesting features that I can implement.
 Then there was design choices to make. As I was making the game by myself I decided to go with a relativeily simple art style, draw things in pixel art and have a plain background. I wanted to focus on more of the coding. Then there was making the Player. First I made the character design which I didn't spend too much time. Then there was movement. I added basic W A S D controls to the character. I did have to prevent the player from jumping multiple times so I gave all platform elements in the game a ground tag. Then in the player code I designed it so that the player couldn't jump unless the player object was in contact with a element with the ground tag. A unforseen consequence was that on vertical walls this feature would let the player slide up the wall. I found the feature fun at first and after playing around with it, I decided to keep it. Once movement was finalized it was time to let the player take damage. I made lava blocks which had a enemy tag. I made it so that if the player touched anything tagged as a enemy than it would take 1 damage and be immune to all damage for a little while, this wowuld be indicated by the player sprite flashing. Then I gave the player 3 different states based on it's health interger. 2 Health it is the standard and nothing special with it. If the player gets hit they become smaller which makes dodging enemies easier but some jumps become harder. If the player manages to find a water bucket it will increase their health by one. If the player health is 3 then they get their most powerful state which lets them shoot projectiles. Adding projectils wasn't easy. I decided that there would be a projectile object somewwhere off the map and when the player shot, it would be duplicated and come out from a designated projectile spawn, I repeated this with all other projectiles. Then there was enemies to make, I decided the carbon atom to act as the goomba and the sodacan to act like the piranha plants that shoot at players. Then once i had the enemies and the platform elemetns I would copy and paste them in different levels and design the level from there, there was no real design process I built as i felt through intution. Then I got to the final boss. I decided to make it a simple boss that would just shoot at the player but have a lot of health. Also in this level I gave the player the ability to shoot no matter their state.